I would definitely recommend this game for the major part of survival genre fans such as project zomboid or seven days to die series because it got a lot of exiting craft recipes, items, weapons and collectibles present.
The level design is really good and shortcut system is really cool structured.
And as I said i would definitely recommend this game, BUT if only you consider yourself at least a half of something close to perfection - uninstall it and refund this just right now - immediately without a clue of hesitation! Otherwise if you will try to establish here something which you will want to call "base" you will be destroyed at the same place where you will start from.
The reason behind that, is that there is no any sort of alignment present, no ruler, no strict angles, to straight lines - nothing. The angle of placed object is only depends on your current point of view angle and you will never ever be able to repeat the same exact rotation of just placed object no matter how much time you will try to achieve that.
If this is not yet cause you an instant heart attack while you got to this point, then I'll offer you a try to connect two electrical junctions with a cable. For those who didn't try that but just reading this review before jumping in, I'll describe this picture in two words: snots everywhere. Those freaking snots are just hanging by the unreal physics in the game which designed in a style of half life which is instantly getting of out of the entire pictures with everything else making it looks as a dumpster.
Even if you are still alive even here, I would still recommend this game for you just to enjoy the pain i suffer.
Preview of almost every object in the game is not match with the end result you are getting after it is placed so you always need to assume and remember the true shape of an object to place it at least close to your expectations.

In conclusion, I really got feeling that this game designed by several types of completely different people - one of whom are totally genius (level design, lore, humor, object design, aesthetics) while others (who is responsible for structure placing) are total dumb and should go retired. Really hope that this tiny moment would be fixed until the game would be officially released.

Have fun folks, never try to be perfect here. no, sorry. not like that. never i mean NEVER EVER.
